README.md, before:

# Obsidian-Excalidraw-ymjr

This is a modified version of the [obsidian-excalidraw-plugin](https://github.com/zsviczian/obsidian-excalidraw-plugin).

[English](./README.md) | [简体中文](docs/README_ZH.md)

Based on my specific needs, I made necessary modifications to the [obsidian-excalidraw-plugin](https://github.com/zsviczian/obsidian-excalidraw-plugin) when custom scripts couldn't fulfill those requirements.

## Features
Here are the functionalities that required modifications in order to be implemented.

When combined with custom scripts, it allows for:

- Support for multiple custom fonts simultaneously
- Obsidian tag functionality for elements
- Mouse event hooks
  - Show/hide elements
  - Expand/collapse mind map
  - Adjust row/column height/width in tables
  - Zoom in/out or mouse scroll to show/hide elements
- Keyboard event hooks
  - Add elements to mind maps
  - Play GIF frame by frame
  - Show/hide individual elements in the current view
- Bold text
- Indentation of the first line of text in containers
- Gradient for shapes and text
- Shadow for shapes and text
- Layer functionality
- Fix for wrapping issues with Chinese characters
- Dragging point hook
  - Measurement feature
- Display canvas thumbnail
- Mouse hover hook
  - Change shadow on mouse hover (callout, buttons)
- Uniform formula size to match font size
- Reference and navigation to specific parts of an excalidraw canvas
- Laser pen settings
- Customize the names of saved attachments
- Play GIF within shapes (not as an iframe)

You can view the demonstration and more details on
- My [Bilibili Space](https://space.bilibili.com/39231346/).


## Feedback, questions, ideas, problems
Feel free to contact me if:

- You have any issues or questions regarding usage.
- You have suggestions or feedback.
- You want to discuss interesting ideas or new features.

Communication channels can be:
- GitHub issues.
- Email.
- Bilibili comments or private messages.
- My personal contact information (WeChat, QQ).


## Say Thank You
If you find the modifications I made helpful to you, feel free to leave comments and messages.

You can also sponsor me a cup of coffee:
- WeChat sponsorship code.
<img src="images/赞助码.jpg" width="200px">
- ko-fi
  <a href='https://ko-fi.com/G2G3SY16R' target='_blank'><img height='36' style='border:0px;height:36px;' src='https://storage.ko-fi.com/cdn/kofi2.png?v=3' border='0' alt='Buy Me a Coffee at ko-fi.com' /></a>

## Thanks
Thanks to [zsviczian](https://github.com/zsviczian) and other contributors of [obsidian-excalidraw-plugin](https://github.com/zsviczian/obsidian-excalidraw-plugin).

Thanks to contributors of [excalidraw](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw)."

Commit message:

Add settings to show all arrow options.

README.md, after:

# Obsidian-Excalidraw-ymjr

This is a modified version of the [obsidian-excalidraw-plugin](https://github.com/zsviczian/obsidian-excalidraw-plugin).

[English](./README.md) | [简体中文](docs/README_ZH.md)

Based on my specific needs, I made necessary modifications to the [obsidian-excalidraw-plugin](https://github.com/zsviczian/obsidian-excalidraw-plugin) when custom scripts couldn't fulfill those requirements.

## Features
Here are the functionalities that required modifications in order to be implemented.

When combined with custom scripts, it allows for:

- Support for multiple custom fonts simultaneously
- Obsidian tag functionality for elements
- Mouse event hooks
  - Show/hide elements
  - Expand/collapse mind map
  - Adjust row/column height/width in tables
  - Zoom in/out or mouse scroll to show/hide elements
- Keyboard event hooks
  - Add elements to mind maps
  - Play GIF frame by frame
  - Show/hide individual elements in the current view
- Bold text
- Indentation of the first line of text in containers
- Gradient for shapes and text
- Shadow for shapes and text
- Layer functionality
- Fix for wrapping issues with Chinese characters
- Dragging point hook
  - Measurement feature
- Display canvas thumbnail
- Mouse hover hook
  - Change shadow on mouse hover (callout, buttons)
- Uniform formula size to match font size
- Reference and navigation to specific parts of an excalidraw canvas
- Play GIF within shapes (not as an iframe)
- Settings
  - Laser pen settings
  - Customize the names of saved attachments
  - Whether to embed font information when exporting SVG.
  - Whether to display all arrow options.

You can view the demonstration and more details on
- My [Bilibili Space](https://space.bilibili.com/39231346/).


## Feedback, questions, ideas, problems
Feel free to contact me if:

- You have any issues or questions regarding usage.
- You have suggestions or feedback.
- You want to discuss interesting ideas or new features.

Communication channels can be:
- GitHub issues.
- Email.
- Bilibili comments or private messages.
- My personal contact information (WeChat, QQ).


## Say Thank You
If you find the modifications I made helpful to you, feel free to leave comments and messages.

You can also sponsor me a cup of coffee:
- WeChat sponsorship code.
<img src="images/赞助码.jpg" width="200px">
- ko-fi
  <a href='https://ko-fi.com/G2G3SY16R' target='_blank'><img height='36' style='border:0px;height:36px;' src='https://storage.ko-fi.com/cdn/kofi2.png?v=3' border='0' alt='Buy Me a Coffee at ko-fi.com' /></a>

## Thanks
Thanks to [zsviczian](https://github.com/zsviczian) and other contributors of [obsidian-excalidraw-plugin](https://github.com/zsviczian/obsidian-excalidraw-plugin).

Thanks to contributors of [excalidraw](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw)."
